# GitHub Codespaces Extension (Beta Preview) – Software License Agreement

© GitHub, Inc. (“GitHub”)

This license applies to the Beta Preview GitHub Codespaces Extension software (“extension”) including any updates to the software. By installing the extension or using it, you accept these terms. Microsoft means GitHub’s affiliate Microsoft Corp.

1. __Use Rights__. The extension allows you to connect Microsoft developer tools to the Beta Preview GitHub Codespaces service (provided under separate terms of use) (the “Codespaces service”). You may install and use any number of copies of the extension only with Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual Studio for Mac, and Visual Studio Code to connect to the Codespaces service. You may not work around any technical limitations in the extension, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, host, or redistribute the extension.

2. __Beta Preview__. The extension is a Beta Preview and is not subject to the same privacy and security measures as generally available software. Beta Previews may not be supported and may be changed at any time without notice. The extension may collect information about you and your use of the extension and send that to GitHub in the United States or other locations. If you choose to give us any ideas, know-how, algorithms, code contributions, suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or any other feedback for our products or services (collectively, “feedback”), you acknowledge and agree that GitHub will have a royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and perpetual license to implement, use, modify, commercially exploit and/or incorporate the feedback into our products, services, and documentation.

3. __DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY; LIMITATION OF DAMAGES__. THE EXTENSION IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM GITHUB AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND AFFILIATES ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES OF UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.